TODO.md, before:

# TODO
Apollo should be able to do these things:
- [ ] Music Player
  - [x] accept file, directory, or title to play music.
  - [x] autoplay the next song in the playlist and print the title.
  - [x] daemonize the program
  - [x] use rpc for a server client like functionality for local control (NOTE: not implementing grpc because i only want the control to be local).
    - [x] `[FILEPATH|DIRPATH|TITLE]`: start daemon if not started and play the song(s) depending on the arguments.
    - [x] `play`: start playing the current song.
    - [x] `kill`: kills the program daemon if there is one.
    - [x] `next`: plays the next song in the playlist.
    - [x] `prev`: plays the previous song in the playlist.
    - [x] `toggle`: pause or resume the current song.
    - [x] `stop`: stops to current song.
    - [x] `playlist`: lists all the song of the current playlist.
    - [x] `vol`: raises or lowers the volume followed by the value ex: `apollo vol [VALUE]` or `apollo vol [VALUE]`.
    - [x] `list`: list all songs in database.
    - [x] `sync`: scans the directory for music or the default music directory if none is provided.
    - [x] `clean`: remove songs in database that has invalid path.
    - [ ] `add`: adds the path to the database taking the file name as the title.
    - [ ] `del`: remove song from db with the specified title or path.
  - [ ] introduce persitent data like: playlist, music lists, data of the last play song/playlist.
    - [x] config file in `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/apollo/config.json`
    - [ ] use sqlite and db file in `$XDG_DATA_HOME/share/apollo/apollo.db` and implemted these functions:
      - [ ] sync function to scan and add all song from the default music directory to database.
      - [ ] add all the detected music in the default directory to the database, check if already added or not.
      - [ ] add a single song file not in database but is found in the default directory or within a path.
      - [ ] fetch the song that matches the title specified.
    - [ ] introduce client command to set config value in config file. example: `apollo config set music_dir [PATH]`
- [ ] Make it a semi HTTP server and use REST to make control and serve its music to others over the network.
- [ ] Introduce help command for other users.

Commit message:

add: create playlist and lists them with their id and song count.

TODO.md, after:

# TODO
Apollo should be able to do these things:
- [ ] Music Player
  - [x] accept file, directory, or title to play music.
  - [x] autoplay the next song in the playlist and print the title.
  - [x] daemonize the program
  - [x] use rpc for a server client like functionality for local control (NOTE: not implementing grpc because i only want the control to be local).
    - [x] `[FILEPATH|DIRPATH|TITLE]`: start daemon if not started and play the song(s) depending on the arguments.
    - [x] `play`: start playing the current song.
    - [x] `kill`: kills the program daemon if there is one.
    - [x] `next`: plays the next song in the playlist.
    - [x] `prev`: plays the previous song in the playlist.
    - [x] `toggle`: pause or resume the current song.
    - [x] `stop`: stops to current song.
    - [x] `playlist`: lists all the song of the current playlist.
    - [x] `vol`: raises or lowers the volume followed by the value ex: `apollo vol [VALUE]` or `apollo vol [VALUE]`.
    - [x] `sync`: scans the directory for music or the default music directory if none is provided.
    - [x] `clean`: remove songs in database that has invalid path.
    - [x] `list`: list all songs in database.
    - [x] `playlists`: lists all the playlist and their song count.
    - [x] `create`: create new playlist.
    - [ ] `delete`: delete existing playlist.
    - [ ] `add`: add song to the current playlist (must not be the all playlist).
    - [ ] `remove`: song with the specified path and use the file name as the title of the song
  - [x] introduce persitent data like: playlist, music lists, data of the last play song/playlist.
    - [x] config file in `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/apollo/config.json`
    - [ ] use sqlite and db file in `$XDG_DATA_HOME/share/apollo/apollo.db` and implemted these functions:
      - [ ] sync function to scan and add all song from the default music directory to database.
      - [ ] add all the detected music in the default directory to the database, check if already added or not.
      - [ ] add a single song file not in database but is found in the default directory or within a path.
      - [ ] fetch the song that matches the title specified.
    - [ ] introduce client command to set config value in config file. example: `apollo config set music_dir [PATH]`
- [ ] Make it a semi HTTP server and use REST to make control and serve its music to others over the network.
- [ ] Introduce help command for other users.
